WHAT'S NEW?

The new release script will do a "git shortlog" to add 
the commit messages here. 

#NEW_STUFF_HERE this is a tag my script looks for. 
V0.92
   added a few arguments to calls added by fmazu. Allows it to compile.

V0.91
   only made the tag point to the proper commit.  --REW
   script now handles that situation (aborted release script) better. 

V0.90
   only fixed the release script. Should now contain fmaxullo's 
   patch. --rew
   fmazullo (1):
         Add AS number to json output
   
V0.89
   only made the tag point to the proper commit.  --REW

V0.88
   Antonio Querubin (3):
         Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/master' into newdns
         Need to error check getnameinfo().
         Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/master' into newdns
   
   David Hill (1):
         include <sys/select.h> for fd_set
   
   Jakub Wilk (1):
         Fix typos
   
   Joe Bruggeman (2):
         Replace all tabs tabs in net.c with spaces
         cleanup the if blocks in net.c to improve readability
   
   Jürgen Weigert (1):
         Mention + and - keys in the man page
   
   Kacper Michajłow (2):
         Relax mtr-packet search rules.
         Add missing errno.h include.
   
   Matt Kimball (20):
         Added mtr-packet subprocess
         test: Fix mtr-packet tests for Python 3
         cmdline: multiple host names dropped all but one host  (issue #168)
         mtr-packet: IPv6 support
         mtr-packet: UDP probe support
         mtr-packet: packet customization options (size, fill, mark, tos)
         mtr-packet: TCP and SCTP probes
         mtr-packet: MPLS decoding and local UDP port usage
         mtr-packet: allow local address binding
         Merge branch mtr-packet into 'master'
         mtr-packet: drop capabilities + using BSD's linked lists for probes
         build: moved front-end source into ui subdir
         build: use AC_CHECK_LIB for ncurses, rather than pkg-tool
         mtr-packet: Fall back to IPv4 only support if IPv6 sockets fail to open
         build: if linking with ncurses fails, try curses  (for NetBSD)
         build: Fix Solaris build issues
         build: fix compiler warnings when for OpenBSD, NetBSD and Solaris
         mtr-packet: Report probe status on host unreachable (Cygwin)
         cleanup: Fix #ifdef structure which confuses 'ident'
         cleanup: reindented C source with GNU indent
   
   Narthorn (2):
         Initialize dns process before opening display
         Add displaymode 2 back in
   
   R.E. Wolff (19):
         Merge branch 'newdns' of https://github.com/traviscross/mtr into newdns
         Merge branch 'newdns'
         fixed double printout of start time, issue 131
         Updated NEWS as in v0.87.1
         format sent and rcvd fields correctly for big numbers #66
         increased default unknownhosts #92 #132 #130     (I give in).
         Merge branch 'master' of github.com:traviscross/mtr
         fixed no-gtk build bug introduced with e2d898cc
         more cleanup
         Partial reverse of 6bb5b6b3b.
         re-initialize ipinfo_no and -max. Fixes #161.
         Merge branch 'master' of github.com:traviscross/mtr
         fixed dynamic DNS on/off switch. Fixed #160
         header alignment issue found&fixed by meingtsla. Fixes #164
         Merge branch 'master' of github.com:traviscross/mtr
         asn fix from meingtsla, fixes #163. Pong!
         put ifdefs around IPV6 only part. Fixes #184
         More whitespace mangling for consistency in net.c
         The release script bumped the version number
   
   Roger Wolff (22):
         New DNS works for IPV4....
         moved towards IPV6 compatibilty...
         removed the include mess...
         merged antonios's bufsize fixes
         Merge branch 'master' of github.com:traviscross/mtr into newdns
         AQ: Added include for redhat, and fixed salen for BSD
         removed last debug output from dns.c
         One more patch to fix a getnameinfo corruption problem. -- AQ
   
   Rogier Wolff (5):
         removed AC check for features newdns doesn't use
         Fixed pull #133 another way....
         fixed #27 and #35 where the fix was tested a long time ago.
         fixed #141 compile without SCTP if not available
         fixed typo.
   
   Sami Kerola (122):
         warnings: remove unnecessary file
         usage: add short and long options and descriptions to usage()
         warnings: stop variable shadowing
         dns: remove unnecessary dns_events() function
         posix: replace bzero() and index() with modern equivelants
         warnings: stop reassigning a value before the old one has been used
         warnings: remove code that cannot be reached
         warnings: fix printf data types
         cleanup: remove unnecessary null check
         build-sys; do not use subdirectory object
         man: use url macro to urls and fix reference manual notations
         build-sys: default to ,/configure --enable-silent-rules
         warnings: do not take abs() when data type is unsigned
         warnings: mark unused function input variables
         warnings: fix couple unsigned vs signed variable comparisions
         warnings: multiply timeval seconds only when the value is small
         warnings: fix some missed unsigned vs signed variable comparisions
         comment: add value range note to initialization
         cast: do not downgrade to float when double should be used
         warnings: remove dead code
         build-sys: fix make distcheck
         build-sys: remove old dist Makefile kludge
         build-sys: use build version script from gnulib
         build-sys: improve configure.am
         build-sys: require automake 1.11.6 or newer
         warnings: fix unused variable when ./configure --without-gtk is used
         readability: always use EXIT_* definitions from stdlib.h
         cleanup: remove unnecessary function
         warnigns: add void to functions that do not take any arguments
         build-sys: fix --without-ipinfo regressions
         build-sys: fix ./configure --disable-ipv6
         warnings: fix --disable-ipv6 --without-ipinfo compilation warnings
         build-sys: check pkg-config availability
         build-sys: use pkg-config to find gtk+-2.0
         build-sys: use pkg-config to find ncurses
         build-sys: get rid of double negative ipinfo autotools settings
         cleanup: remove NO_SPLIT preprocessor check
         build-sys: simplify finding resolver library
         build-sys: remove unused autoconf check values
         cleanup: remove obsolete herror() function
         usage: reflect ./configure choices in available command line options
         cleanup: remove preprocessor missing functions go-arounds
         usage: be careful when parsing numeric user input
         usage: use error(3) error-reporting function
         cleanup: move max port number to be a define in net.h
         build-sys: use system getopt_long() when it is available
         build-sys: tell function locality explicitly
         portability: fix float max check from values.h
         portability: MacOS does not have error() function
         portability: fix MacOS libresolv usage
         data types: set static strings to be read-only
         cleanup: remove redundant redeclaration
         data types: move variable declaration from header to .c file
         data types: check with smatch everything is in resonable scope
         warnings: fix use of uninitialized warning
         data types: get rid of all globals that are easy to remove
         usability: fix --mark documentation
         docs: make manual page versioning automatic
         data types: move global data to control structures
         data types: make control structure smaller
         data types: move rest of the global variables to control structures
         crash fix: make --xml not to dump core
         warnings: correct function pointer prototype argument
         warnings: do not use zero as NULL
         warnings: avoid vla when malloc() is more appropriate
         usability: print usage() if unknown options are used
         cleanup: use definition for a magic value appearing twice in code
         cleanup: remove commented out includes in dns.c
         cleanup: avoid duplicating stdint.h
         cleanup: use ICMP definitions from linux/icmp.h when possible
         cleanup: move generic utility functions to a separate file
         reliability: ensure string copy results to a null determined string
         reliability: further removal of unsave string operation
         reliability: always check malloc() return value
         reliability: always check strdup() return value
         reliability: check writing to stdout and stderr was successful
         usability: use ISO-8601 timestamp
         posix: do not use time(2) input argument
         usability: add bash-completion file
         bug fix: long option --gracetime is correct, --graceperiod is not
         performance: use fewer printw() calls to center text
         cleanup: merge two trim functions to one
         crash fix: add ctl structure to gtk Pause_clicked() handler
         crash fix: never return const string as address
         crash fix: ctl->iiwidth_len was not initialized correctly
         cleanup: make unused and const attributes to look the same
         performance: make get_iiwidth() to be const function
         cleanup: remove more/bottom labels header separation from mpls
         cleanup: set variable only if it is used
         cleanup: correct display_offset variable usage
         cleanup: remove message duplicate
         performance: set few variables read-only
         docs: add Sami Kerola to authors
         performance: make reset in net.c more effective
         portability: fix bsd build
         warnings: ensure printf will not overflow
         misc: improve random initialization
         net: fix net_reopen() initialization
         warnings: fix warnings when everything possible is turned on
         curses: simplify format_number()
         curses: use switch case in mtr_curses_keyaction()
         cleanup: remove dead code
         style: convert c++ comment style to c style
         display: avoid unnecessary switch case clauses
         curses: convert magic numbers to an enum list
         data types: move variables from a file to a function scope
         cleanup: move file scope variables to the beginning of file
         data types: move names list away from global scope
         cleanup: move definitions and struct declarations to mtr.h
         cleanup: clarify preprocessor nesting
         build-sys: use proper check to find if time_t is defined
         build-sys: enable all system extensions
         regression: fix --displaymode=2 argument
         user interface: do not allow out of range --ipinfo arguments
         cleanup: use single logic to handle conditional options
         docs: add very basic --sctp documentation to manual page
         docs: improve mtr-packet(8) manual page
         build-sys: update .gitignore file
         smatch: extern keyword is needed only in header
         smatch: fix couple warnings
         build-sys: update .gitignore file
         docs: FSF moved back in 2005
   
   Vlad Glagolev (1):
         respect theme foreground color
   
   aquerubin (5):
         Correct psize for IPv6.
         Merge updates from branch 'master' into newdns
         Merge branch 'master' into newdns
         Merge branch 'newdns' of https://github.com/aquerubin/mtr into newdns
         Fix standard deviation calculation.
   
   rewolff (22):
   

V0.87
Antonio Querubin (1):
      Use setcap instead of setuid when installing the binary.

Baptiste Jonglez (4):
      Allow enabling IP info and ASN lookup from the curses interface
      Document the -y option in the manpage
      Cosmetic cleanup of the option-parsing code
      Fix wrap-around bug when displaying IP info (-y option)

Danek Duvall (1):
      Fix issue #76: rationalize the discovery of a terminal handling library

Gareth Randall (6):
      Corrected the "without gtk" reference to "./configure --without-gtk",
      Filled in some of the missing man page sections.
      Remove a warning message at compile time.
      Fix typos and update mailing list references.
      Add a section about granting limited security capabilities.
      State that Github is the preferred way to report bugs.

Guo Yixuan (1):
      Raw output: add x for a ping-packet-sent event.

Hajimu UMEMOTO (1):
      Add aslookup support to gtk interface

Jakub Wilk (1):
      Fix typos.

Kris Coward (1):
      Added --displaymode option

Narthorn (1):
      curses: Fix background transparency in terminal

Nikolai R Kristiansen (1):
      Add support for JSON as report output format

R.E. Wolff (9):
      explanation of the version numbers in NEWS.
      Merge branch 'master' of github.com:traviscross/mtr
      removed warning about IPV6 socket when IPV6 is not available at runtime
      fix for printing space field in XML.
      modified name of timeout variable to prevent warning on solaris.
      changed the name of the ping timeout timer from 'tag' to 'ping timeout timer'
      net.c fix from AQ.
      issue 128: compile should be in .gitignore
      The release script bumped the version number
      added use-default-colors...

Theo Baschak (1):
      Update asn.c - 32bit asn widths

Tobias Rittweiler (5):
      Fix typo in csv_close() that prevented any of the data columns from being printed.
      --csv: Don't print spaces in columns.
      --csv: Print a header line as the first line which names all columns.
      asn.h: Guard against being included twice.
      Fix setting length field of UDP header to broken value on BSD systems.

Vojtech Kurka (1):
      Fixed behaviour of Pause button

aquerubin (3):
      Correct psize for IPv6.
      Fix Avg and Best column order to match column headers in GTK display.
      Update Tony's email address in the GTK credits.

penyu (1):
      add max-unknown option

russor (10):
      allow setting local and remote port for UDP probing
      fix checksum for odd sized packets
      set the local address for display if it was bound
      automatically set udp address if needed
      fix improper aliasing
      fix placement of zeros when running alternate udp checksum
      endian neutral placement of alternate checksum
      copy odd byte into a 16-bit temp value; used bit-sized types for calrity
      correct checksum calculation when adding the overflow overflows
      add option to set graceperiod

swordfeng (3):
      Add SCTP support (same way with tcp)
      remove comment
      fix sctp header structure

=======
#this is a tag my script looks for. 
#NEW_STUFF_HERE
V0.87
   Antonio Querubin (1):
         Use setcap instead of setuid when installing the binary.
   
   Baptiste Jonglez (4):
         Allow enabling IP info and ASN lookup from the curses interface
         Document the -y option in the manpage
         Cosmetic cleanup of the option-parsing code
         Fix wrap-around bug when displaying IP info (-y option)
   
   Danek Duvall (1):
         Fix issue #76: rationalize the discovery of a terminal handling library
   
   Gareth Randall (6):
         Corrected the "without gtk" reference to "./configure --without-gtk"
         Filled in some of the missing man page sections.
         Remove a warning message at compile time.
         Fix typos and update mailing list references.
         Add a section about granting limited security capabilities.
         State that Github is the preferred way to report bugs.
   
   Guo Yixuan (1):
         Raw output: add x for a ping-packet-sent event.
   
   Hajimu UMEMOTO (1):
         Add aslookup support to gtk interface
   
   Jakub Wilk (1):
         Fix typos.
   
   Kris Coward (1):
         Added --displaymode option
   
   Narthorn (1):
         curses: Fix background transparency in terminal
   
   Nikolai R Kristiansen (1):
         Add support for JSON as report output format
   
   R.E. Wolff (9):
         explanation of the version numbers in NEWS.
         Merge branch 'master' of github.com:traviscross/mtr
         removed warning about IPV6 socket when IPV6 is not available at runtime
         fix for printing space field in XML.
         modified name of timeout variable to prevent warning on solaris.
         changed the name of the ping timeout timer from 'tag' to 'ping timeout timer'
         net.c fix from AQ.
         issue 128: compile should be in .gitignore
         The release script bumped the version number
   
   Rogier Wolff (1):
         added use-default-colors...
   
   Theo Baschak (1):
         Update asn.c - 32bit asn widths
   
   Tobias Rittweiler (5):
         Fix typo in csv_close() that prevented any of the data columns from being printed.
         --csv: Don't print spaces in columns.
         --csv: Print a header line as the first line which names all columns.
         asn.h: Guard against being included twice.
         Fix setting length field of UDP header to broken value on BSD systems.
   
   Vojtech Kurka (1):
         Fixed behaviour of Pause button
   
   aquerubin (3):
         Correct psize for IPv6.
         Fix Avg and Best column order to match column headers in GTK display.
         Update Tony's email address in the GTK credits.
   
   penyu (1):
         add max-unknown option
   
   russor (10):
         allow setting local and remote port for UDP probing
         fix checksum for odd sized packets
         set the local address for display if it was bound
         automatically set udp address if needed
         fix improper aliasing
         fix placement of zeros when running alternate udp checksum
         endian neutral placement of alternate checksum
         copy odd byte into a 16-bit temp value; used bit-sized types for calrity
         correct checksum calculation when adding the overflow overflows
         add option to set graceperiod
   
   swordfeng (3):
         Add SCTP support (same way with tcp)
         remove comment
         fix sctp header structure
   

V0.86 Fixed default hostname logic. 
      Fix for NetBSD: 64bit time_t -- Thomas Klausner
      Fix unnecessary runtime dependency on glib from VSYakovetsky through 
           Thomas
      Inverted IPINFO define in the code. Removes double negatives. 
         -- Vladimir Yakovetsky, REW.
      Fixed failure on IPv4 only systems when IPv6 was available at
         compile time. -- REW.
      Fixed (longstanding) bug that mtr used 100% cpu when paused. 
      Cosmetic changes from Richard Hartman. 

V0.85 Fixed asn support. (better compile time detection of required features)
      support for multiple hostnames. (fixed in 0.86)
      support for TCP probes

V0.84 Fix some glib things by Thomas. 

V0.83 Move to github. Mostly done by Travis.

Author: Travis Cross <tc@traviscross.com>
    Add autotools bootstrap script
    Update README for building from git repository
    Cleanup whitespace in the NEWS file
    Resolve -Wunused-but-set-variable warnings
    Resolve -Wnull-dereference clang warning
    Add -z / --show-ip support
Author: R.E. Wolff <R.E.Wolff@BitWizard.nl> (mostly from patches by others)
    some running patches
    Made report wide switch properly to displayreport mode. Bug #780647
    fixed gtk field order. Bug #701513
    added aslookup patch from bug #701514
    added some extra clarifications to the SECURITY file.
    enable ipv6 resolvers. By Antonio Querubin. Fixes bug #752583

  V0.82 Removed old Changelog file appended at the end as oldest
        changes.
        2011-03-28  Mark Kamichoff <prox@prolixium.com>
        Enable decoding of ICMP extensions for MPLS for curses and
        report interfaces.  Use the -e flag or press 'e' to enable it.

  V0.81 Moved to git. Testing git...

  V0.80 Some compilation fixes for BSD by Jeremy Chadwick
        <freebsd@jdc.parodius.com>

  V0.78/0.79 some compilation fixes for BSD&others by
        Thomas Klausner <wiz@NetBSD.org>

  V0.76 display load sharing hosts in --raw output.
        added about button in gui.

  v0.75 Feelgood patch to move sprintf to snprintf. People might think
        that sprintf might cause a buffer overflow. Now it's clean.
        cut-paste patches: you can now copy an intermediate host to the
        clipboard.

  v0.74 Martin Pels' patch to allow UDP probes.
        KES reported a build problem. Turns out I need to install gtk-1.2
        on my development system, otherwise my release script causes the
        build to break.
        changed some docs to advertise the new mailing list.
        added documentation for the Mac OS X compilation problem.
        added -Wno-pointer-sign to the compiler options.
        Nico Lichtmaier's cleanup-gtk patch. (now mtr uses a more modern
        dialect of gtk).

  v0.73 Some security patches. Although MTR drops privileges as soon
        as possible after opening the sockets, it still had some
        sprintf calls, which have now been converted into snprintf.

  v0.72 Fix signed/unsigned bug in IPV6 part
        improved random packet size behaviour. --REW

  v0.71 Some IPV6 fixes, introduce packet size cmdline option.
        (was already present as a cmdline argument)

  v0.70 Antinio submitted a cumulative patch containing some
        nice improvements. He also submitted an automake patch
        that causes mtr to no longer compile on my system. I
        refuse to have mtr "in the dark" that I can't test-compile
        the dist.

  v0.69 make distclean should now also remove "rej" files.
        Antonio Querubin: update getopt.h . More cleanups using
        new infrastructure.
        rcw: Fixed IPV6 support: When compiled in an IPV6-supporting
        environment, but when the kernel doesn't support IPV6, mtr would
        fail to start.

  v0.68 included some old patches.
        included patch from Antonio Querubin for better IPV6 support
        restructured some more whitespace.
        added mtr.h where "global" things should go. Not finished
        moving things around, but now that the infrastructure is there,
        it should be easy.

  v0.67 Bad keyboarding by REW caused this one out the door. Sorry.
        No changes.

  v0.66 Through the Debian bugtracking system a bug report and
        fix was sent my way, that deals with stupid optimization
        trying to save some 768 bytes of memory, sacrificing "it
        works" on a different architecture... (default char signedness)

  v0.65 Dancer Vesperman noted that mtr no longer traces past
        a section of non-responding hosts. Apparently I added
        a line in net.c that didn't make sense in mtr-0.56. I
        can't find the reason for adding that line, so someone
        who thinks (s)he needs it, should holler.

  v0.64 Philippe suggests to do the time_t thingy before socket.h.
        Apparently, MAC OS X doesn't compile socket.h otherwise.

  v0.63 Suggestion by RCW: Add -lm at line 70 of Configure.in.
        On my system no ill effects ensued, so this version released
        so that he can test if it still works on his system.

        Let me add that it's stupid that I have to specify that this
        this program now requires Automake version 1.5 to build, where
        Automake was intended to make software independent of different
        versions of build software!

        For those concerned about the above statement: If you're just
        trying to compile and use MTR, there is no need for automake.
        Just when you're messing with the configure and build system of
        mtr is automake a tool you need.

  v0.62 Apparently someone changed gethostbyname into gethostbyname2
        in mtr.c in an attempt to add IPV6 support. For systems without
        ipv6 support, the old gethostbyname should be used! Linux
        has the call even if you don't enable IPV6. Thanks Gary (rsub)

  v0.61 Attempt to get/print the local IP address. Now shows as
        0.0.0.0 :-( Hints and tips appreciated! -- REW
        Lots of blank space reformatting.
        moved the interface address setting to net.c (where it
        belongs).

  v0.60 John Thacker submitted a surprisingly simple patch to
        enable linking against GTK2.  (up to 2.4.0)

  v0.59 Josh Martin suggested to add some bounds checking to
        the dynamic field code. This caused me to delve in, and
        rewrite some things. Now 50 lines of code less, but cleaner
        code. :-)

  v0.58 I don't remember. Forgot to update this. :-( Check the
        patch.

  v0.57 Lots of whitespace cleanups. And a DNS fix: Don't do DNS
        lookups in raw mode with -n specified.

  v0.56 Fixed compile warnings. Now compiles with -Wall. If your
        compiler finds things mine didn't feel free to shout.

  v0.55 Cleanup patch. I'm going to do some maintenance on MTR,
        but I want to be able to say: Can you see which version
        fixed/broke things for you, so you're going to see a
        bunch of new releases soon.

  v0.54 Added "scrolling" patch from Roland Illig, to allow
        scrolling in text mode. I've always wanted this......

  v0.53 Added fix for raw mode.

  v0.52 Mostly cleanups from Brett Johnson on MacOS X. It may
        clean up some compilation problems on MacOS X as well.

  v0.51 Fixed the bug introduced by the previous select loop fix...
        Thanks Evgeniy

  v0.50 Make "interface address" option work.
        Changes to "select" loop to allow window resizes (select
        interruption) to work. Thanks Mike!

  v0.49 Fix compilation problems on several platforms.

  v0.48 Draw names in red (GTK) or bold (Curses) if host doesn't
        respond.

  v0.47 Fixed a (believed-) non-exploitable buffer overflow.
        Thanks Damian.

  v0.46 Included patch to be able to specify outgoing interface
        address.

  v0.45 People are pressuring me to release new versions with their
        changes. That's fine. Now this version just adds dynamic
        switching between numeric / dns names, and some minor
        stuff I forgot. This release serves as a code-sync-release.
        new version with even more new stuff in about two weeks!
        I'm afraid I don't know how to fix the MacOS-X compilation
        problems in the source. Help wanted...

  v0.44 David Stone adds the "last" column to the gtk version.

  v0.43 Compile fixes.

  v0.41 Added afr's patch to allow disabling of gtk without Robn's hack.
        Made report mode report the newly added extra resolution.

  v0.40 Fixed some problems with HPUX and SunOS.
        Included Olav Kvittem's patch to do packetsize option.
        Made the timekeeping in micro seconds.

  v0.39 Forgot the parentheses around the previous fix... :-(

  v0.38 fixed some dubious code in dns.c (noted by someone's lint)

  v0.37 Added Bill Bogstad's "show the local host & time" patch.
        Added R. Sparks' show-last-ping patch, submitted by Philip Kizer.

  v0.36 Added Craigs change-the-interval-on-the-fly patch.
        Added Moritz Barsnick's "do something sensible if host not found"
            patch.
        Some cleanup of both Craigs and Moritz' patches.

  v0.35 Added Craig Milo Rogers pause/resume for GTK patch.
        Added Craig Milo Rogers cleanup of "reset". (restart at the beginning)
        Net_open used to send a first packet. After that the display-driver
            got a chance to distort the timing by taking its time to
            initialize.

  v0.34 Added Matt's nifty "use the icmp unreachables to do the timing" patch.
        Added Steve Kann's pause/resume patch.

  v0.33 Fixed the Linux glibc resolver problems.
        Fixed the off-by-one problem with -c option.

  v0.32 Fixed the FreeBSD bug detection stuff.

  v0.31 Fixed a few documentation issues. -- Matt
        Changed the autoconf stuff to find the resolver library on
            Solaris. -- REW
        Cleaned up the autoconf.in file a bit. -- Matt.

  v0.30 Fixed a typo in the changelog (NEWS) entry for 0.27. :-)
        added use of "MTR_OPTIONS" environment variable for defaults.

  v0.29 Lots of stuff.
        Neato overview display by David Sward.
        FreeBSD does wrong in the kernel the same that Solaris/x86 (see
            note for 0.27 does right. It forces mtr to send bad packets....
        Adjusted "not too much at once" algorithm. Now probing
           continues as long as not more than 5 hosts are unknown.
           Returning packets usually allow us to do the first sweep
           in one go.

  v0.28 DNS lookups are now suppressed if you don't want them.

  v0.27
        Fixed bug that showed up on Solaris/x86.
        GTK mainloop now runs as it's supposed to.

  v0.26
        Added "-n" flag for numeric output.
        fixed IP numbers displaying backwards.
        GTK mainloop now runs at 10 packets per second.
          - That's too much if there are only 3 hosts
          - that's too little if there are 20 hosts.
        -> Someone tell me how to change the "ping-timeout"
           callback time in gtk. Can't find it in the docs.
        The default for "hostname" is now "localhost" so that
        you can start mtr without any arguments and later
        fill in the host you want to trace to.

  v0.25
        Included two "raw" formats. One for separating GUI from
        the setuid program, and one suitable for later parsing and
        displaying. Volunteers wanted to separate the GTK
        backend. Thanks to Bertrand Leconte for contributing
        the format that's now called "split".

  v0.24
        Fixed number of probes. Accidentally was counted per
        packet sent instead of per round of packets.

  v0.23
        Fixed Sparc alignment problem with statmalloc

  v0.22
        Roger has take over maintenance.
        mtr now uses an "int" to pass options to the kernel.
        Makes things work on Solaris and *BSD I'm told.
        mtr doesn't fire off a flurry of packets when a new
        second comes around. Instead they are spaced evenly
        around the whole second. This allows people with a
        relatively slow first link to do meaningful measurements
        of whatever is behind that.

  v0.21
        mtr now drops root permissions after it acquires the raw
        sockets it needs.
        mtr should be a bit happier about building under SCO and
        Solaris.
        Fixed the problem with packets arriving after a reset.

  v0.20
        The build process for mtr now uses automake.
        Fixed a build problem for Irix.
        Now uses non-blocking DNS code, so mtr can attempt
        to do reverse lookup on multiple hosts at once.
        Fewer packets are sent out each cycle, so mtr
        doesn't hog quite so much bandwidth.

  v0.19
        Fixed a type-o in curses.c

  v0.18
        Fixed the network code to work properly under FreeBSD.
        Hopefully this will fix some other operating systems too.
        Also, fixed a build problem and the DNS hanging bug.

  v0.17
        Fixed the configure script to always like with the math
        library.  Added an icon.

  v0.16
        Added one #include to select.c.  Some people were unable
        to build mtr without this line.

  v0.15
        Both the build process and the networking code have
        been cleaned up and reorganized.  mtr now builds
        cleanly with GTK+ 0.99.8.

--- Below is the contents of the old "Changelog file" that annoyed some
people as it didn't contain any recent changes/news.

2002-03-06  Cougar <cougar@random.ee>
        + If hop doesn't respond, draw its name in red (GTK) or bold (curses)

2002-02-09  bodq  <bohdan@vstu.edu.ua>
        + Added --address option to bind to given IP address

2001-04-15  root  <alane@geeksrus.net>
        + Added this file so that automake won't complain.
        + Commented out the test for res_init in configure.in;
        it does not work for GLIBC2 systems (e.g., RedHat 7+).
        + Fixed the subordinate CHECK_LIBS on the test for res_mkquery,
        so that they test for res_mkquery, not res_init.

